what's up everybody freeze here I
thought I just posted a little gears 3
commentary I haven't posted one in a few
weeks so i just thought i'd post some
gameplay um usually i just stick to like
random clips and edits and stuff for
gears but it's nice if there are from
commentary every still haven't just have
a little casual discussion with you guys
so yeah these should see two gameplays
here one of them is an okay sort of
sniper gameplay i got a gridlock i think
it was yesterday and also a bulldog
gameplay that I got yes I got a rampage
I think I only used the Bulldog there
were a few but kills in it so it wasn't
amazing but it was a couple of a sweet
headshot tiger so I thought I'd keep it
and throw it up for you guys just have a
little chat about what's been going on
sort of around gears recently so now
first of all we got the new DLC in each
week I'm looking forward to that I'm
sick nasty DJ has been so kind as to
post some of the maps and they all look
really cool on my link yeah you want to
check that out the link should be in the
description for revenge DJ he's a boss
he's a if you don't know much about
years of war he's a fucking animal
reason is that gets was really really
nice clips um he's a pretty cool guy as
well and he's got the some of the
footage for the maps up if you guys want
to check out raven down and just since
oh and I I'm not sure if he's put the
new maps up I haven't really looked why
did have a look at raven down and just
into and they look quite sweet he's also
got the UH the easter egg up already for
jacinto i thought that was really cool i
don't know if you can only do it in hard
though because i know it's like there's
one in bullet marsh where you can only
do it in horde or something and you get
the cleavers i don't i don't know it's
okay i don't really care to be honest
about its easter eggs but if you want to
have a look feel free but um yeah the
other topic of the week with gears for
me I don't know when this happened
really but calcs let me know about that
was that gears a PD has been taken down
I'm kind of like level not pissed about
it because you know I'm not the biggest
fan of gears up ed because I haven't got
a great track record with them but it
was still a pretty cool page and like if
you wanted to you know watch some sweet
gears bids you could always go over
together p do and find like a nice
montage every month are they upload is
usually based so you know it's nice to
see some decent gears content and happy
sort of in one place so you don't have
to scour between people's channels to
find their montages um so I mean couch
was telling me that there was something
to do with chaos I don't know the facts
I don't know what happened but basically
it was coach saying he think he's
worried that people are going to blame
him because it was it was something to
do with the montage he made or something
and I said to him you know the end of
the day if you were worried about it and
that shows that you know you didn't want
it to happen so people can't blame you
for that I also told him that you know a
lot of people have been jumping to
conclusions about who it was that's done
it and saying our show and toes done it
because of this you get this out of the
way but to be honest with you somebody
who isn't even with chaos could have
filed that complaint and it's because
YouTube would detect it a sort of um a
violation if someone said you know I'm
with team chaos anybody I'm with team
chaos and you know I have we haven't
give permission for this montage to be
up YouTube will just automatically sort
of just give them the copyright story
now you can appeal with that mm-hmm
excuse me lose my voice that you can
appeal that and say basically but you
know I there's nothing wrong with this I
was given permission to posters which I
believe do food for those who don't know
dude was the guy who runs gears a pd a--
or uploads the content I'm one hundred
percent sure he was given permission to
post that montage by coughs and that the
really the stupid thing is well that the
channel is empowerment because it's got
to copyright strikes already so he's not
owning any money off it you know i mean
it's it's purely just for people to see
and enjoy it's not you know for his own
benefit he has his own channel and he
doesn't upload other people's montages
to that so I don't see like you know how
he's weally and when
copyright because he's been getting less
it was something to do with the music
because I know that it's really weird
with the music nowadays and you have to
be care so careful with what you use
which it is difficult because there are
a lot of songs that personally I would
like to use in my videos and stuff but
you just can't so I don't know if it was
someone to do that and as I said I
really don't know the facts yeah I was
just wondering if anyone did if anyone
knew what actually happened or if anyone
had owned up to doing it or you know
someone's heard something as I said I've
heard a few rumors but I'm almost
certain and that's just people jump into
conclusions about stuff you yeah if
anyone has any info let me know I would
be more than interested any of the gears
heads out there but it's a shame and I
was always pretty bummed out when I
heard about that because it was a cool I
myself not nothing major but I'd made a
couple of appearances on the channel
I've been in a montage I was in the
montage dancing question actually I was
in the montage that got it taken down it
was in that montage the calcs made I was
in I think one of the top plays for the
gal free beta as well or something like
that but yeah it's really it's really
like uncool this would happen because
we've got really decent gears channels
anyway you know we've got people like
yeah me mash we've got all the chaos
guys and you know a few of the chaos
bodies again I don't really have the
best opinion of them but that doesn't
mean they don't put out for a few years
contact you know they and they do they
put out really good clips and shit hot
stuff
and so some of the chaos guys are my
friends you know I'm cool with them but
you know gears a PD was the one where if
you sort of wanted to so find all the
best montages and edits and stuff you'd
go over there and find out I'm just
bummed out that it's gone so if anyone
knows of his coming back or it's getting
fixed or why it happened what the hell
happened down there let me know strongly
a comment or something or a message i'll
be more than happy to live host a
commentary explain and it was something
if anybody doesn't know the facts yeah
so i think i'm running out of time these
i think the UM that I think I got a trip
one gridlock and a couple of dubs on I'm
not watching this as I'm as I doing this
commentary i just i think is about seven
minutes seven eight minutes i'm going to
stop talking at about seven minutes um
yeah I hope you all enjoyed it i don't
really do this or stuff very often if I
I actually do have a few game place or
stacked up for these sort of occasions
when I just want to have a casual chat I
also want to say that for those of you
who have been asking me about mass
effect 3 i've tried to respond to most
of you it's kind of hard because i get a
lot of messages and stuff for lots of
different people and every day i do try
and have a look through and you know
chat with some guys or whatever but yeah
i'm starting to help next week I hope
you're all are looking forward to that
but some of you been asking for binary
domain as well and I just want to say
that that's going to be done to please
don't worry stop fretting it is coming
okay um I'm not gonna you know just
forget about games i'm not i really
don't do that so yeah just just hold
tight they're coming next week well mass
effect fast is definitely getting done
because i need to get it finished but
yeah i'm running that time here so thank
you all very much have a fantastic day
and until next time take it easy